#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==0.10.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
altair==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via black
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-cpu
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   tensorflow-datasets
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
black==20.8b1
    # via keras-autodoc
bleach==3.3.0
    # via nbconvert
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via h5py
cachetools==4.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
clang==5.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
    #   nltk
    #   zookeeper
csscompressor==0.9.5
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
dataclasses==0.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   larq
    #   tensorflow-datasets
decorator==4.4.2
    # via traitlets
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
docutils==0.16
    # via sphinx
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   nbconvert
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via
    #   larq-compute-engine
    #   tensorflow-cpu
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   lunr
    #   tensorflow-datasets
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
gitdb==4.0.5
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.12
    # via mknotebooks
google-auth==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.2
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
googleapis-common-protos==1.52.0
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.39.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
h5py==3.1.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
idna==2.10
    # via requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==2.0.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   larq
    #   larq-compute-engine
    #   larq-zoo
    #   markdown
    #   zookeeper
importlib-resources==5.0.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   traitlets
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
joblib==1.0.0
    # via nltk
jsmin==3.0.0
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==6.1.11
    # via mknotebooks
jupyter-core==4.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
keras==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
keras-autodoc==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow-cpu
larq==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   larq-zoo
larq-compute-engine==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
larq-zoo==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
livereload==2.6.3
    # via mkdocs
lunr[languages]==0.5.8
    # via mkdocs
markdown==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras-autodoc
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   tensorboard
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-exclude
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-minify-plugin
    #   mkdocs-redirects
    #   mknotebooks
mkdocs-exclude==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material==6.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material-extensions
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.0.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-minify-plugin==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-redirects==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
mknotebooks==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbconvert==5.6.1
    # via mknotebooks
nbformat==5.0.8
    # via nbconvert
nltk==3.5
    # via lunr
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   altair
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   larq
    #   larq-zoo
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tensorflow-datasets
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
packaging==20.8
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   larq-compute-engine
    #   sphinx
pandas==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
pathspec==0.8.1
    # via black
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==3.14.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pygments==2.7.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
pymdown-extensions==9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==5.4
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==21.0.1
    # via jupyter-client
regex==2020.11.13
    # via
    #   black
    #   nltk
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7
    # via google-auth
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   jsonschema
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   livereload
    #   lunr
    #   mkdocs-redirects
    #   promise
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   traitlets
smmap==3.0.4
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==3.4.3
    # via keras-autodoc
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.4
    # via sphinx
tensorboard==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow-cpu==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-datasets==4.2.0
    # via zookeeper
tensorflow-estimator==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
tensorflow-metadata==0.26.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tensorflow-datasets
terminaltables==3.1.0
    # via larq
testpath==0.4.4
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via black
toolz==0.11.1
    # via altair
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   livereload
    #   mkdocs
tqdm==4.56.0
    # via
    #   larq-compute-engine
    #   nltk
    #   tensorflow-datasets
traitlets==4.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typed-ast==1.4.2
    # via black
typeguard==2.10.0
    # via zookeeper
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tensorflow-datasets
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.36.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow-cpu
zipp==3.4.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zookeeper==1.1.0
    # via larq-zoo

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
